# CollegeCounsellingWebsite
Online college counselling systems have been used widely by colleges & students all around the world. The one-stop solution provides technical support and services towards a hassle-free admission process in Academic Institutions across the country. It is an initiative that makes Admissions in academic institutions simple, accessible to all, at anytime and anywhere.
Our Online College Counselling is one of the best opportunities for those who cannot know about the admission process of the college and booked their suitable course. Students can book their course online at particular time of college.

This project is aimed at developing an Online College Counselling. This project is going to develop for the College admission. We are preparing web based software where the students can book their Seat. College can also interact with Students and maintain their seat. The Online College Counselling provides a website for booking college Course seat where any Students of internet can access it. Students is required to login to the system and book their preferable college course.
Course Counseling helps Students to find a career path and gives you the right direction towards your goal. Benefits of College Counselling and Course Counselling is a crucial step towards a focused career.
It also helps Students to set an achievable goal and helps Students to get trained for future obstacles. During course counseling, you are told about the upcoming hurdles, decisions you have to make, and career prospects Students can choose during and after the course completion.
